{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang5129\deflangfe5129{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.18362}{\*\mmathPr\mdispDef1\mwrapIndent1440 }\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1\tx5822\tx5964\f0\fs22\lang9  \par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Terms & Conditions\par
Privacy Policy\par
HOMEBUZZ USER TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE\par
This Site is an online marketplace for buyers and sellers of real estate and real estate agents to view activity on each property available on the Site and for buyers of real estate to place no obligation offers on properties, sellers of real estate to view offers and contact buyers and agents to market themselves to sellers.\par
The Site is not involved in the actual transaction between buyers and sellers to buy or sell property. The Site solely provides a medium for presenting activity on properties, buyer\rquote s offers to sellers and information about properties displayed on the Site.  As a result, we have no control over and, to the extent permitted by law, make no warranties in relation to, the suitability, quality, safety or legality of any properties displayed on the Site, the accuracy or truth of any properties on the Site or the ability of buyers and sellers to actually enforce or complete a transaction.\par
LAW AND JURISDICTION\par
These terms and conditions are governed and construed in accordance with New Zealand law and you accept the exclusive jurisdiction on the New Zealand courts. You accept that we may change these terms and conditions at any time and that any revised terms and conditions displayed on our website will apply to your use of our website, its content and any service supplied by us. Your continued use of the website indicates your acceptance of the changes.\par
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY \par
IN NO EVENT SHALL HOMEBUZZ (AND ALL OF OUR SISTER, PARENT AND SUBSIDAIRY COMPANIES), OR THE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, SHAREHOLDERS, OR AGENTS OF EACH OF THEM, OR ANY OTHER PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING, MAINTAINING OR DELIVERING THIS SITE, BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGES, HARM OR INJURY OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTAL LOSS OR DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, AND DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) SUFFERED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF ANY VISIT TO OR USE OF THIS SITE OR OF ANY MATERIALS PROVIDED ON IT OR DOWNLOADED FROM IT, OR YOUR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE, OR ANY ERROR IN THE PROVISION OF THIS SITE, OR ANY COMPUTER VIRUS TRANSMITTED THROUGH THIS SITE WHETHER SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGE ARISES FROM OUR NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE AND EVEN IF WE ARE EXPRESSLY INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGES.\par
INDEMNIFICATION\par
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Homebuzz and its affiliates from and against any claim or demand made by any third party, and all associated liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including but not limited to reasonable attorney\rquote s fees) arising out of or relating to your browsing or use of this Site, content you transmit to this Site, your violation of any rights of another, or your breach of the Terms and Conditions. \par
RESTRICTIONS ON USE \par
This Site and the information and facilities/services contained on this website must not be used in any unlawful way, or for any illegal purpose, or in any manner that infringes the rights of the Site. The Site reserves the right to permanently ban and/or notify the appropriate authorities of any person that uses, or attempts to use, the Site for illegal purposes, or who posts, or attempts to post, abusive, obscene, vulgar, offensive, defamatory, hateful, threatening or sexually-oriented material.\par
In addition, you must not: \par
i)  Use any automated device, software, process or means to access, retrieve, scrape, or index our Site or any content on our Site;\par
ii)  tamper with, hinder the operation of, or make unauthorised modifications to the site or any content on the site;\par
iii)  use any content on, or index our Site for purposes of constructing or populating a searchable database of properties or competing with us in any manner;\par
iv)  create links from the Site to any other Site on the Internet, or frame or mirror the site without our prior written consent;\par
v)  violate the rights of any person, including copyright, trade secret, privacy right, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right;\par
vi)  undertake any action that will impose a burden or make excessive traffic demands on our infrastructure that we deem, in our sole discretion to be unreasonable or disproportionate Site usage;\par
vii)  transmit spam, chain letters, contests, junk email, surveys, or other mass messaging, whether commercial in nature or not;\par
viii)  use our Site or any content from our Site in any manner which is, in our sole discretion, not reasonable and/or not for the purpose which it is made available;\par
ix)  knowingly transmit any virus, worm or other disabling feature to or via the site;\par
x)  use the site to send commercial, unsolicited or bulk electronic messages to anyone \par
xi)  use the site or any facilities available on the site for any activities, or transmit to or via the site any information or material (including ads), which are inappropriate, offensive, obscene, threatening, indecent, inflammatory, pornographic, defamatory or confidential;\par
xii)  pose as any person or entity or attempt to solicit money or passwords from any person;\par
xiii)  act in violation of any Term of Use or other condition posed by us or any applicable law; \par
xiv)  reproduce, republish, retransmit, modify, adapt, distribute, translate, create derivative works or adaptations of, publicly display, sell, trade, or in any way exploit our Site or any content on our Site, except as expressly authorised by us; or\par
xv)  attempt to do, or permit another person to do, any of the above acts. \par
We reserve the right to exercise whatever means we deem necessary to prevent unauthorised access to or use of our Site, including, but not limited to, instituting technological barriers, or reporting your conduct to any person or entity.\par
MINIMUM AGE AND LEGAL RIGHTS TO OFFER, CLAIM, SELL OR CONTACT\par
You must be at least 18 years of age to offer, claim or contact users with the Site or purchase a property via the Site. If you are a seller you must be legally able to sell the property you are listing for sale.\par
VERIFICATION\par
We reserve the right (but are not required) to verify the information contained on the Site (including buyer and ownership information). You agree that we may access your records and systems and/or contact you for the purposes of verification or authentication. You agree to provide such additional information as we reasonably require.\par
ACCESS TO HOMEBUZZ SITE OUTSIDE NEW ZEALAND\par
We do not represent or warrant that the content on the Site complies with the laws of any country outside of New Zealand. If you access the website from outside New Zealand, you do so at your own risk.\par
THIRD PARTY CONTENT\par
The Site may present advertisements for or links to third party websites, products, and/or services (\ldblquote Third Party Ads\rdblquote ). We are not responsible for the availability of these Third Party Ads, or the images, messages, or other materials contained therein. Neither Homebuzz nor any of its affiliates will be liable for any errors in content or omissions in any Third Party Ads, nor responsible for any losses or damages of any sort incurred as a result of your participation with, use of, or reliance on the Third Party Ads, including any goods, products, or services offered by such Third Party Ads.\par
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY\par
The content of this Site, including but not limited to trademarks, patents, designs, layouts, logos, text, images, audio and visual materials is the property of Homebuzz unless otherwise noted. You may not remove, display, reproduce, distribute, modify, transmit or otherwise any of Homebuzz\rquote s intellectual property displayed on the Site without the written permission of Homebuzz. Nothing contained on this Site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any of Homebuzz\rquote s Intellectual Property. All rights, title and interest in and to all aspects of Homebuzz\rquote s Intellectual Property remain the exclusive property of Homebuzz. In particular, you must not reproduce or use any of the buyer or seller information or activity or comparison data  or any other information or data on the Homebuzz site for commercial purposes or for commercial gain.\par
PRICE AND PAYMENT\par

\pard 
{\pntext\f0 i)\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlbody\pnf0\pnindent0\pnstart1\pnlcrm{\pntxta)}}
\nowidctlpar\fi-720\li1080\sa200\sl276\slmult1 Prices are quoted in NZ dollars. All transactions are processed in NZ dollars.\par
{\pntext\f0 ii)\tab}Payment is required before Product is provided.\par
{\pntext\f0 iii)\tab}Payment may be made by credit card, debit card or any other such method as Homebuzz may introduce at its absolute discretion.\par
{\pntext\f0 iv)\tab}Homebuzz reserves the absolute right to accept or refuse any payment made in any form.\par
{\pntext\f0 v)\tab}We aim to debit money from your account within three working days after receiving your Order.\par
{\pntext\f0 vi)\tab}You will not be charged for any Orders that cannot be fulfilled and where appropriate Homebuzz will refund to your account any sum deducted by Homebuzz.\par
{\pntext\f0 vii)\tab}Homebuzz cannot guarantee that a particular Product will always be available.\par
{\pntext\f0 viii)\tab}To maximise security Homebuzz does not hold any credit/debit card details. They are held by third party payment providers.\par
{\pntext\f0 ix)\tab}Your credit card company may also do security checks to confirm it is you making the Order.\par
{\pntext\f0 x)\tab}Your statutory rights are unaffected by these Terms.\par

\pard\nowidctlpar\sa200\sl276\slmult1 REFUND POLICY\par
We do not give refunds for change of mind circumstance or if you make a wrong decision.\par
SEVERABILITY\par
If any of these Terms and Conditions of Use are invalid, unenforceable or illegal, that term will be struck out and the remaining terms will remain in force.\par
CHANGE TO THESE TERMS\par
From time to time, we may need to change these Terms and Conditions of Use to reflect our changing business. We may also need to change these Terms and Conditions of Use if we are required by law, for security reasons or for technical or infrastructure reasons.\par
We may change the Terms and Conditions of Use at any time by posting the changed Terms and Conditions of Use on the Homebuzz site. If you are a buyer, these changes will not apply to offers that you have already placed on the site. If you are a seller, these changes will not apply to properties that you have already claimed on the site.\par
CORRESPONDENCE FROM HOMEBUZZ\par
If you register as a member of the Site, you will consent to receive correspondence from us. This may include email alerts. If you have claimed a property on the site, our correspondence to you may also include information regarding the status of your property, confirmation of the receipt and publication of your property, confirmation of any changes made by you, notification of possible changes to the status of your property, notification of offers and notification of replies from buyers that you contact. You will also be notified of any changes to the Site that may have a direct effect on the content or appearance of your property.  If you have placed an offer on the Site, our correspondence to you may also include information regarding the status of your offer, confirmation of the receipt of your offer, confirmation of any changes made by you, notification of possible changes to the status of your offer, notification of offers placed on the same property by other users of the Site and information from a seller on a property you have placed an offer on. This correspondence forms part of the member service and is necessary for the management of your account. If you do not wish to receive this correspondence please do not register as a member of the site.\par
AGENCY\par
We and you are independent contractors and no agency, partnership, joint venture or employment relationship is intended or created by these Terms and Conditions of Use.\par
THIS AGREEMENT CONSTITUTES THE WHOLE AGREEMENT\par
This document, the online application and any warranties implied by law which are not capable of being excluded or modified embody the whole agreement between the parties. All previous negotiations, representations, warranties, arrangements and statements (if any) whether expressed or implied, including any collateral agreement or warranty, with reference to the subject matter or the intentions of either of the parties are merged and otherwise are excluded and cancelled. \par
CLAIMING OF PROPERTY \par
The claiming of a property on the Site is subject to the Terms and Conditions of Use.\par
SELLER CLAIMING OF PROPERTY \par
If you are a seller, in order to claim a property as the owner on the Site you must:\par
Register and become an authenticated user with Homebuzz.\par
We also reserve the right to select, edit, condense, determine the duration of, withdraw or refuse a property ownership claim. \par
Content of Property \par
Property content includes text, graphics, pictures and other content relevant to the property. We reserve the right to modify or refuse any content which appears reasonably unsuitable to us. \par
We make no guarantees or representations regarding the display of property content. \par
Upon claiming of the property \par
By clicking Claim to claim a property certifies that you are the legal owner or assigned acting agent/representative granted rights to act on the owner\rquote s behalf for the property. As the Owner of the property you will have ownership for 28 days to view private offers placed and contact buyers directly. You can renew your property ownership at any time, to reset your property ownership back to 28 days go to your account and under My Homes click Renew Claim on the property you wish to reset. You may cancel your property ownership claim at any time, to unclaim your ownership of a property go to your account and under My Homes click Unclaim on the property you wish to cancel your property ownership on. \par
Upon selling of the property\par
In the event you sell your property you can unclaim your claim of ownership immediately in your Account Management. If you forget to unclaim your claim of ownership, after 28 days it will automatically expire and the property will become available for the new home owner to claim. \par
Homebuzz does not warrant or guarantee that you will receive a response to your property from potential buyers or that you will receive any offers on your property. Homebuzz is not responsible for any misrepresentations made by a potential buyer when making an offer on a property.  Homebuzz is not liable for any loss caused to you as a result of entering into a contract of sale with a buyer who was sourced from the Homebuzz site.\par
Homebuzz is not a real estate agency or real estate agent and does not act in any way on the seller's behalf nor provide advice, in such case you require property advice you should contact a registered real estate agent.  Homebuzz does not provide legal advice, in such case you require legal advice for the selling of a property you own you should consult with an attorney. \par
PLACING OF OFFERS \par
If you are a private buyer, in order to place an offer on the Site you must:\par
Register and become an authenticated user with Homebuzz.\par
Content of Offer\par
By requesting that an offer be placed on the Site, you agree you are over 18 years of age and are granting permission to Homebuzz and the property claimant to retain, use and copy your communications. Homebuzz will take all measures to keep your offer private and confidential and will only release your offer to the property claimant of the property that you make an offer on.\par
You must state a buying price of the property as an offer in the appropriate section made available for this purpose by clicking on the Make Offer button on the property you wish to make an offer on.\par
You agree that we have an unfettered right to use (in any way we see fit) any copyright subsisting in your offer. \par
Subject to these Terms and Conditions of Use, we will use our reasonable endeavours to display offers in the format submitted by you and in accordance with your placement instructions. However, we make no guarantees or representations regarding the display of your offer. We also reserve the right to select, determine the duration of, withdraw or refuse an offer. \par
Your offer will be retained in Homebuzz\rquote s database.\par
You may remove your offer at any time, to remove your offer go to your account and under My Offers click Remove on the property you wish to remove your offer on. \par
Upon buying of the property \par
Homebuzz does not warrant or guarantee that you will receive a response from homeowners on properties you have placed an offer on. Homebuzz is not responsible for any misrepresentations made by a potential seller that has claimed their property on Homebuzz. Homebuzz is not liable for any loss caused to you as a result of entering into a contract of sale with a seller who was sourced from the Homebuzz site. \par
Homebuzz is not a real estate agency or real estate agent and does not act in any way on the buyer's behalf nor provide advice, in such case you require property advice you should contact a registered real estate agent. Homebuzz does not provide legal advice, in such case you require legal advice for the buying of a property you should consult with an attorney. \par
TERMINATION\par
Homebuzz may modify or discontinue the Site with or without notice to you and without liability to you or any third party.\par
\par
}
 